I'll see who dares to be presumptuous
Where does it come from?
You don't even look at what's going on here.
Your brother Zhang lives in Mr. Ye
You are
I don't know if the master is here
Welcome
Hope to suffer from blame prejudice
Master, you are
Temple Spider
Master Tang Xia, you call me Master
I don't have you guys.
I go away
Does Master have any key?
Why did you suddenly attack?
Li Tangxuan followers are helpless
Ask the Holy One to punish
Master, this is Li Tangxuan
Do you still remember the original intention of founding the Temple of Heaven?
Captain read it out
If you mispronounce a word
There is no need for your temple to exist